rockerbox is looking to redo their current WOTC Optimization system and build it in Replit.   THe system has four main users:  employees, employers, our internal team of administrators, and licensees (white label).  The goal of the new WOTC system is to create an app that is frictionless, visually stunning and eliminates all manual interventions and task performed by humans.   The system must be multi-tenant in that each employer will have their own WOTC screening questionnaire with their logo at the top of the questionnaire.   The WOTC screening questionnaire is the way in which empoyers screen their new hires to determine if the new hire is eligible for WOTC.   The new hire will not earn credits for the employer unless the WOTC screening questionnaire is completed and signed electronically by the new hire.   The WOTC questionnaire needs to resemble the Form 8850 attached.  So the WOTC Screening questionnaire needs to be compliant with Form 8850 and ETA 9061, but it needs to be super sexy and user firendly as most of the users who access the questionnaire to fill it out are not high school educated.   So gamified qestionnaire and wizard like tools would be super helpful for the users.  The goal is to have 100% screening percentages.   The system needs to adhere to all IRS guidelines and recommendations as it related to WOTC.   Employers will want to have access to their employer admin which will be brandd with their logo.   The employers will want to see how many new hires have successfully completed the WOTC screening questionnaire, how many new hires have not completed the questionnaire, which of the WOATC target groups the new hire self identified, and which target groups the states certified.   At the end of the questionnaire, we want the new hire to see a unique nin-digit confirmation code when they successfully complete the questionnaire.   The new hire can then upload a dirvers license or a DD214 depending on the target group for whcih they selected to be eleigible.   For example, if they are a verteran the system will ask the veteran to upload their DD214 to the site fter completing the WOTC screening questionnaire.   The results of all questionnaires will be made available through our internal teams Admin Portal.   The WOTC screening questionnaire can be accessed by the publicj (new hires) by way of a QR code, unique link or API.   We want to have an Open API so that we can integrate each employers unique URL to their WOTC Screenign questionniare, into HRIS, HCM< ATS and new hire onboarding systems.   New hires will more than likely access the WOTC screening questionnaire from other third party system by way of the open API or the QR code.   Through the Admin Portal our team will have the ability to create new clients (empoyers) by completing an intake form that resembles the Power of Attorney ETA 9198.   When we identify a new client, we want to complete this intake form within the Admin Portal and then have the system email the new client with the ETA FOrm 9198 to sign after the system prepopulates all of the fields in the 9198 in the same email, we want the system to have a link to our Terms of Service that detail for the client the terms and rate of our services.   PLease see engagement letter attached that needs to be used as our Terms of Services.      Once the 9198 and the terms of services have both been signed by the client, the system will automatically create a new client account in the system and turn on the WOTC screening questionnaire.   Our team, through the Admin Portal will have the ability to customize the specific questions that will be included in the questionnaire - as some clients will not want to screen for speific target groups like felons or summer youth.   So the questionnaire needs to be editable.   Once the questionnaire is finalized and approved by our team internally, the system will automatically generate the QR codes and the unique URL for the employer.   This URL and QR code can be used before we go live with any integrations.   Once the URL and QR code are created and distributed to the employer, the system will generate open API documentation for this specific employer.   Once the new hires start completing the WOTC screening questionnaires, we need all of that information at our fingertips in the Admin Portal.   We want to see client stats, we want to see who completed the questionnaire and who did not.   The system needs to automatically follow up with new hires who did not complete the questionnaire by email and SMS.   The goal is to have every new hire complete the questionnaire - we call this 100% screening percentage.   So we want to reinforce to employers through the Employer Portal what their screening percentage is at all times.   85% or better is idea - 100% is perfect.  provide guidance and assitance to empoyers who are below 85%.  Employer Portal should allow employers to download reports.   The Employer Portal should diaply Screening Precentage, Incopmpletes, Missed Credits, Total Credits, Average Tax Credit, and Average Tenure of WOTC Eligible hires in days.   ALso, in the Employer Portal we will want a place where the employer can upload payroll reports.   We can create a payroll template CSV file to make the uploads easier - but we would like to use OCR to read machine native files like PDF and CSV to make the uplaod process easier for the employer.   The OPEN API should also include parameters for grabbing payroll data from the employers payroll or ATS provider.   Once the payroll data has been uplaoded or grabbed by the API we want the system to automatically calculate the credit amount for each WOTC eligible employee and update the reports and metrics on both the Employer Portal and the Admin Portal.   Once the WOTC screening questionnaire have been completed by the new hire in our system, our team through the Admin Portal will have to submit the candidates information to each state workforce agency.  Most states have a bulk upload template (we can provide you all 43 bulk template CSV files).   We want to create a separate bulk template CSV for each of the 43 states so that our team can quickly login to each state workforce agency portal and submit the bulk template CSV file for that particlar state.   Each bulk template files has its own parameters and will include new hire information that was captured by the WOTC screening questionnaire.   We would love for you to create a process by which the system can login to the state workforce agency portal and upload the bulk template files without our teams assistance.   After the credits have been calculated, we want the system to generate an invoice and mail it to the employer with a stripe link so they can pay their invoice using credit card or mail us a check in the mail - in the intake form for a new client we need to provide the rate of our services (typically 15% of the credit amount calculated every month).  Credits should be calculated by the system by the 10th of every month in arrears since we have to wait on payrol files to be uploaded.    We do have the ability to have employers sign up and select an Auto-pay feature - so for thos clients, we will want the system to automatically hit their creit card information on file for payment - the system would then send a receipt to the autom pay clients instead of an invoice.   Once we make the submission to the individual state workforce agencies, we wait for the state to make a determination.  We would like to system to login to each state workforce agency to pull down the determiniations.  The determinations are denied, certified, or need more information.   WE need these status updates to be pushed next to each new hires profile so we can determine who is certified to earn credits for the employer who is denied and who needs additional consultation.   If the system cannot access the state workforce agencies automatically, then we need a place in the Admin Portal where our team can drop the determination files (certified, denied, or needs more information) and then have OCR read those files (PDFs) and then update the system accordingly.   Once the determinations have been updated, and the system has payroll data, the sytem can calculated credits on all new hires who have been certified by the state.   New hires who have a denied or needs more infrmation status, will not earn the employer credits and should not eanr credits.   Please use the formual provided by the IRS and the Department of Labor to calculate credits.   There are threshold to monitor as it relates to hours worked.    We also want the ability through the Admin Portal to create a new white lable partner on the fly.   Pricing for our white label partners wil vary, but most of the time we will charge the partners' end client 15% of the credit captured.   We also need the ability to upload the partners logo to create the white label syste=m.   The white label system for a parnter/licensee will enable the licensee to provide WOTC solutoins their their end clients / employers.   So, think of a CPA firm becoming our licensee and using our system under their brand to service their clients/employers with WOTC services.   We would love to send our clients email updates regarding their WOTC stats everyday: Screening Percentage Update every Monday, Total Credits Earned on Tuesday, Missed Credits on Wednesday, Incomplete QUestionnaires List of Names on Thursday.   OUr accounting systemis Freshbooks so we cant the invoice amounts that are created in the system to be automaticaly updated in Freshbooks and once payments are made (either by credit card or check) ew want both system to be automatically updated.   Do you see a reason to have an employee or New Hire POrtal?  also, can we include a retention and incentive solution in this system that will help employers come up with pathways and incentizes to help retain new employees?   For example, the employer could create a retnetion pathway in the Employer POrtal that has 10 steps.  One of the steps is to complete the WOTC questionnaire - upon the employee competing the questonnaire, tehy can earn up to 500 points.   The points will accumulate for every step completed.   Employees can redeem the points eaerned for prizes and gift cards.   Does it make sense to create our own New Hire Onbaording Sytem so that Rockerbox cn provide the onbaording system for free?   Through the Employer POrtal, employers can create a new hire onboard pathway that includes up to 30 steps.   Employers can upload docs, but the system will have already ready the i-9 and the W4 for all employees to complete.   Employers can add their own docuents to the onboarding paythway and also create their own custom forms.   They can also create their own surveys or questionnaires in the onboarding pathway as well.   IF the employer opts into the New Hire Onboarding Pathway then their unique WOTC screening questionnaire would be one of the steps in the onboarding pathway.   What else should we consider builiding in our new WOTC system?   What are your suggestions?  